# Comparison of Different Energy Sources
As part of our project we look to compare the different energy production techniques.

## Sustainable
### Geothermal
Geothermal energy is the energy dissipated by the lava inside the earth through cracks in the earth. The energy generated by geothermal energy is considerable, but it will be required by the terrain, and it needs to be obtained in places with crustal faults.

### Hydro Storage
Hydro storage uses hydraulic pumped storage to generate electricity. When there is excess electricity production, the excess electricity is supplied to an electric pump that transports water from a lower reservoir to a higher reservoir; when using When electricity demand increases, the gates open and water flows from the higher reservoir to the lower reservoir, depending on the terrain. It uses the potential energy of water to push the turbines between the water channels to generate electricity again, so as to achieve the purpose of using hydroelectric energy storage. The energy obtained from water is a very clean energy, and the effect of power generation and energy storage can be achieved by transporting water to the reservoir with the height difference.

### Hydro River
Hydro river is the energy obtained through the difference in gravitational potential energy generated by the earth's gravity and geographic height or by the fluctuation of lakes and oceans (installation of generators where water flows from high to low). Energy obtained from water is a very clean energy source, but it is also required by terrain and requires proximity to lakes and oceans to obtain energy.

### Wind Onshore and Offshore 
Wind Offshore and Wind Onshore are wind energy generated through temperature differences due to differences in solar exposure and heat absorption in different regions.This energy is also a very clean energy. It can be obtained all year round, but the energy obtained will also change due to the change of seasons, and the amount of wind energy obtained will also be affected by the location of the sea and land.


### Solar
Solar is the light and heat energy that comes from the sun. Solar energy is also a very clean energy source, but it is also affected by latitude. In low latitudes, it will get relatively sufficient sunlight due to its proximity to the direct sun point, but the irradiation intensity in high latitudes will not be very impressive.

## Fossil Fuel Based
### Biomass
Biomass is an animal and plant based material used as fuel to generate energy. It refers to living or just dead organic matter used as fuel or industrial raw material to obtain its energy through combustion or other ways. Compared with lignite and petrochemicals, the biomass is not degraded animals and plants, which is also the essential difference between the two energy sources.
 
### Brown Coal
Brown Coal(Lignite) is a low thermal mass coal in a state between sub-bituminous coal and peat. Lignite contains a lot of moisture and is prone to spontaneous combustion, so most power plants are built directly near the mines. During the combustion process, due to the high impurity content, the harmful substances and pollution produced by the combustion will be much higher than the general coal power generation.

### Fossil Oil
Fossil Oil generally refers to petroleum, which is mainly used to make gasoline and polymer products (plastics). There are oil deposits in parts of the upper crust. It consists of a mixture of different hydrocarbons, the main constituents of which are alkanes. Since oil is a non-renewable energy source, running out of oil will have serious consequences for human beings.

## Nuclear
Nuclear refers to the energy released by atomic nuclei through nuclear fusion, nuclear fission or radionuclear decay. Nuclear power plants obtain a large amount of energy by fission and release of nuclear fuel made of uranium in the reactor。This energy is very clean, but there are risks associated with this clean energy. If nuclear energy leaks, radiation will be released, seriously affecting organisms and ecology within a few kilometers.

## Other
Energy can be obtained from other, other renewable and waste.

Renewable energy is mostly included in sustainable energy (refer to sustainable energy).

As a domestic product, waste can be incinerated to generate energy, but there are also drawbacks. A large amount of toxic gases will be produced without complete combustion and special handling.
